# Test file Overview
We have two test files:

* The main test file `test.xml`:

  It's "the" test file we normally speak of. All automated
tests in this module are based on it.

* The "virgin" test file `virgin.gnucash`:

  A practically empty 
  GnuCash
  file, as generated by the official program,
  with only one account (the root account) 
  and one commodity
  (the base currency "EUR"). Pretty much the bare minimum 
  of what you can have.

# Main Test file
 
## Technical Aspects
The file has been generated with 
Gnucash V. 5.14.

Please note that the file contains *german* data, and not only superficially (i.e., german account names etc.), but also under the hood: GnuCash stores some (semi-)internal information in locale-specific form. This file has been generated on a german system (locale de_DE), and it probably should not be used / changed on a system with another locale.

[ In future releases, we might therefore provide one test data file per supported locale. ]

When you change the `test.xml` file, please save it in *uncompressed* XML format 
(by convention, compressed 
GnuCash
files have the extension 
"gnucash").

## Testing Aspects
Please be careful when making changes on the file: All JUnit test cases heavily depend on it, and you might break things.

## Accounting Aspects
If you are an accountant (or have a similar profession), you might look at this file with a mixture of astonishment and disgust, perhaps thinking: "My goodness! Don't these guys know how to do accounting? This is awful nonsense!".

If you caught yourself having similar thoughts, you might want to give it a second thought: You see, you are right, but it's irrelevant (yes, you read that right). This is a *test* file, and it has neither been generated to be certified by public accountants nor does it provide a template on "how to do it right". Instead, it has been generated to provide a great variety of data for various test cases, some combinations of which might -- in real life -- occur very seldomly or perhaps even never. 

The author of these test cases and data has, in his professional career, made the experience that testing software often requires thinking on a higher abstraction level, meaning that in test cases, you sometimes have to be relaxed about the specifics of the test data (and sometimes, they even don't matter at all). 

So, if you are a non-technical guy/gal, perhaps an accountant, chances are that you are not trained in this kind of thinking and not used to taking this approach and therefore struggle not to look too deeply at the data. In that case, you are kindly asked to take a step back, hold your horses, not to suggest to make "corrections" on the file and not to start lecturing the author on the matter.

# Virgin Test file
 
## Technical Aspects
The file has been generated with 
Gnucash V. 5.14.

It is saved in *compressed* XML format.

